Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to go ahead and complete the image gallery pop project.
All right, so.
This is where we left off in our previous lecture, we talked about how there are three issues with
this pop up, the first one being that whenever we click on any image, we see the first image.
The reason for that is we have hardcoded that image in the e-mail.
The second issue is whenever we click on any image, we don't see the higher resolution image for that,
for even if it is the rabbit.
But we don't see the high resolution image for the rabbit.
And the third one is which is I actually like him very, very important.
One is we don't have any way of getting out of this model dynamically.
So we we need to refresh the page.
So now let's go ahead and let's dive into the JavaScript.
The first thing that I want to do is I want to grab the full image first.
So I'm going to say whenever the user clicks on any of the images, just show the full image for that
image.
Now, this is not going to show the full image for any image that has been clicked specifically, but
it is going to show the full image version of the rabbit.
So if we click here, this is the for this is the full image of this rabbit.
So we still have two other issues left.
The first one, we are not targeting the correct image and the second one, we don't have any way of
getting out of it.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to get out of that function and I'm going to here add a comment
that says Changing the change.
And I'm just going to go ahead and say changing the images dynamically.
All right.
So now we need to go ahead and change the image dynamically.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come into the demo and I have to tell you one more thing that
I left out on purpose, of course, and that is the out the alt attribute for these images in our gallery
start from one and they go all the way to 10 exactly as the name for our images when they are in full
resolution.
So the out value is the same as the name of these images.
As you guys can see that the name of the image is one if we come here and if you see it says one all
the way to 10.
So this is something that I've done deliberately.
And now what we are going to do is through that attribute, we are going to be able to change the images
dynamically.
So I'm going to create another constant because in this constant, I want to store the alt attribute
and I'm going to say original quality.
And I'm going to store I'm going to grab our image and each time this for each loop, this foreach loops
variable, which is the image loop image loops over our gallery, it is going to grab one of the images
and whatever it grabs that image.
We want to grab the we want to say get attribute.
What is the attribute that we want to get?
It is the outer attribute.
So whenever we get the alt attribute, we are going to get numbers from one to 10.
And what is the name for the images which are in high resolution?
Exactly.
It is numbers from one to 10.
So we are going to say four image dot sirc.
Yes, this is the SS and we are going to use our template literals or tippler strengths.
We are going to go into our images folder from there.
We are going to navigate to the full folder and then we are going to say one dot jpg.
But there is a problem with this syntax, this syntax is not dynamic because we have, again, hardcoded
the first image.
So how can we how can we make sure that whichever image the user clicks on, that image is going to
appear and that image has a name.
So what is the image name?
It is a no.
What is the range for that number?
It starts from one to ten.
And why did we use the art?
Because the art value starts from one to ten.
So in here, I'm just going to go ahead and reference the original quality, the original quality variable
in which we have stored the value of the art, which starts from one and goes all the way to ten.
And now, because this is a variable, it is going to change each time.
This for each loop runs on this image loop, variable loops over this gallery.
So let's save it and let's come here.
So if I click on the Sediuk, we are going to see the rabbit for some reason.
And let's click on this one.
We see again the rabbit.
So let's go ahead and check out what is the problem here.
So we get the art, we are going to go inside the images folder and inside the full, this is our full
image and we grab the source and we say that JPEG, this is the original quality.
Okey dokey, so let's come in to our index.
We have 10 hours, nine and eight that's coming to our image and then we have full all the way to image
number 10.
So it should work.
I mean, the code is correct to my knowledge.
We have our original quality.
But for some reason, we are not getting what we hoped for.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to open it to a life server one more time and I'm going to
close this one.
So let's click on the Robert.
We see another rabbit.
I mean, that is cool.
But still, we want to grab our image.
But now in here, we don't see we we are not getting what we are looking for.
And I think I think I found out the problem, the problem lies in here because we have we have we are
out of this function and we should not be out of it, because whenever the image this is the loop variable
and whenever this is quaked, OK, we have added an event listener on the image.
So we should stay inside the function for that event.
Listener and this is a part of the event as well.
So let's say let's click on this.
We see this bird.
Let's refresh.
I see, like pack of deers or I don't know, like what is the actual name?
I've forgotten that.
So two cats we are going to see is rhinos, rhinoceros.
We are going to see a rabid dog.
And so this is working properly, dolphins'.
GLAST Robert Parrot, and then we have two dogs, and I think that's it.
So now we have only one other issue that we need to solve, and that is whenever we click on any image,
we should be able to remove that model as well.
So in here, what I'm going to do is we are going to grab our model.
All right.
So this is the model and we're going to add an event listener, add event listener, and we are going
to listen for a click.
So what what is it?
Was it.
What is it exactly that I want to do?
I want to be able to click whenever I'm out of this image, click anywhere out of this image.
I want this model to be removed.
For example, when I click on this one.
So if I click here, the model goes away.
If I click here, the model goes away.
If I click on the top, the model Glossop goes away.
And if I click on the bottom, the model goes away.
But whenever I click on the image, the model still stays.
So let's go ahead and implement that.
And we know how how we can do that.
Whenever we listen for a click, we run a function and this time we are going to grab our event object.
And we have talked about the event objects, target value or target property.
So we are going to say if you see the target whenever the event objects, Target has a class.
Or contains just going to go ahead and turn into dust when the class contains what it contains, open
or not open, it contains moral, then do what?
Then go ahead and grab the moral and remove that class list.
All right.
So remove what is the class that we want to remove?
It is the open class that we want to remove.
And we also want the full image to not have that class as well.
So before the for the full image, let's go ahead and let's implement that.
So if we click on this and if we click away, are going to see that both of them, they go away, but
now we don't see our our pop up.
Right.
We don't see the problem.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to remove it from the full image as well.
So full image, let's save it, and now we see that policy.
Now we have a transition, so all the images, they should work, so when I click here, it's going
to go away.
When I click here, it's going to go away when I click anywhere.
So what does this means?
It means if the user clicks anywhere where it does not contain the model, then then keep the model.
But when the user clicks anywhere that contains the model class, then remove the open class from the
model and from the image.
And what is the open class, the upper classes, opacity one.
And when the opacity one is removed, the model is going to go away.
See, the model goes away.
So this image is our full image and this background is actually our model.
So whenever the user clicks anywhere on the model itself, not the image.
Then the model is going to be removed, and when the user also clicks on the model, the image is going
to be removed as well.
All right.
And whenever the user clicks on the image itself, nothing is going to happen.
So for the user to get out of this should click away.
So this is it for this lecture and for this chapter.
See you guys in the next chapter.